[release/v1] Third major update in v1 branch: update with changes from main, substitute abbreviations, include base name definitions (#104)
ESCOMP/ESMStandardNames: Metadata-standard-names.md

* `mole_fraction`: The ratio of the number of molecules or atoms of a substance to the total number of molecules/atoms in a given volume
    * `real`: units = 1
* `mole_flux`: The number of molecules or atoms of a substance traveling through an area per unit time
    * `real`: units = mol m-2 s-1
* `momentum_flux`: The transfer of momentum through an area per unit time
    * `real`: units = Pa
* `partial_pressure`: The pressure of a component gas independent of other components
    * `real`: units = Pa
* `period`: The amount of time between regular events
    * `real`: units = s
* `power`: Energy per unit time
    * `real`: units = W
* `pressure`: Force per unit area
    * `real`: units = Pa
* `probability`: A number between 0 and 1 indicating the likelihood of an event occurring
    * `real`: units = 1
* `radiative_flux`: The amount of radiative energy traveling through an area per unit time
    * `real`: units = W m-2
* `radius`: Distance from the center to the perimeter of a circle or sphere
    * `real`: units = m
* `speed`: Directionless distance per unit time
    * `real`: units = m s-1
* `stress`: A deformation force across a unit area
    * `real`: units = Pa

> * `streamfunction`: Streamfunction

Reviewer: Should this be one or two words?

These names are used as bases for other names, but may
also be considered standard names on their own. See the
full list of standard names for further details.
* `absolute_vorticity`: Vorticity of fluid relative to an inertial frame; the sum of relative and planetary vorticities
    * `real`: units = s-1
* `air_pressure`: The pressure of air
    * `real`: units = Pa
* `air_pressure_thickness`: Air pressure thickness
    * `real`: units = Pa
* `air_temperature`: The temperature of air
    * `real`: units = K
* `albedo`: The fraction of incident radiation reflected by a surface
    * `real`: units = 1
* `atmosphere_heat_diffusivity`: Atmosphere heat diffusivity
    * `real`: units = m2 s-1
* `cloud_area_fraction`: Fraction of an area (usually within a grid cell) containing cloud
    * `real`: units = fraction
* `cloud_condensate`: cloud_condensate

> * `cloud_ice`: Cloud particles consisting of solid water (ice)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `cloud_ice_water`: Amount of ice water in cloud
```

Reviewer 2: I added the `_water` suffix to be consistent with `cloud_liquid_water`, but another option would be to remove the `_water` suffix from below

> * `cloud_liquid_water`: Cloud particles consisting of liquid water

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `cloud_liquid_water`: Amount of liquid water in cloud
```

* `diffuse_nir_albedo`: Albedo of diffuse incident near-infrared radiation
    * `real`: units = 1
* `diffuse_nir_shortwave_flux`: Flux of diffuse near-infrared and shortwave radiation

>     * `real`: units = 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `real`: units = W m-2
```

* `diffuse_shortwave_albedo`: Albedo of diffuse incident shortwave radiation
    * `real`: units = 1
* `diffuse_uv_and_vis_shortwave_flux`: Flux of diffuse ultraviolet and visible shortwave radiation

>     * `real`: units = 1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `real`: units = W m-2
```

* `diffuse_vis_albedo`: Albedo of diffuse incident visible radiation
    * `real`: units = 1
* `direct_nir_albedo`: Albedo of diffuse incident near-infrared radiation
    * `real`: units = 1
* `direct_nir_shortwave_flux`: Flux of direct near-infrared shortwave radiation

>     * `real`: units = J m-2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `real`: units = W m-2
```

* `direct_uv_and_vis_shortwave_flux`: Flux of direct ultraviolet and visible shortwave radiation

>     * `real`: units = J m-2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `real`: units = W m-2
```

    * `real`: units = 1
* `divergence`: Divergence
    * `real`: units = s-1
* `dry_air_density`: Density of air excluding water vapor component
    * `real`: units = kg m-3
* `dry_air_enthalpy_at_constant_pressure`: Specific enthalpy of dry air, h = Cp*T, Cp = Specific heat of dry air at constant pressure, T = temperature
    * `real`: units = J kg-1
* `exner_function`: Exner function, (p/p0)^(Rd/cp), where p0 is some reference pressure (1000 hPa if not specified)
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = 1
* `friction_velocity`: A measure of shear stress within a fluid layer with units of distance per time
    * `real`: units = m s-1
* `filename`: Filename
    * `character`: units = none
* `forecast_time`: Forecast time
    * `real`: units = h
* `geopotential`: Gravitational potential energy of a unit mass relative to sea level
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = m2 s-2
* `geopotential_height`: Geopotential divided by the gravitational constant
    * `real`: units = m
* `graupel`: Precipitation consisting of heavily rimed ice crystals
* `gravitational_acceleration`: Gravitational acceleration
    * `real`: units = m s-2

> * `hail`: Precipitation consisting of large pieces of ice formed in convective clouds

Reviewer 2: You have `convective clouds` here, but not above when defining graupel?
In general, do we want to specify cloud type in these base names for all of the precipitation types? (rain/snow/graupel/hail) Or just leave the cloud type out of it entirely?

* `hygroscopic_aerosols`: Aerosols with the property of accumulating liquid water
* `ice`: Ice
* `latent_heat_flux`: Latent heat flux across a unit surface
    * `real`: units = W m-2
* `liquid_water`: Liquid water
* `longwave_flux`: Flux of longwave radiation across a unit surface
    * `real`: units = W m-2
* `momentum_flux`: Flux of momentum across a unit surface
    * `real`: units = Pa
* `nonhygroscopic_ice_nucleating_aerosols`: nonhygroscopic_ice_nucleating_aerosols
* `pressure`: Pressure
    * `real`: units = Pa
* `rain`: Precipitation of liquid water from clouds

> * `rain_water`: Liquid water precipitation

Reviewer 2: Do we need both `rain` and `rain_water`?

    * `real`: units = fraction
* `roughness_length`: Also called surface roughness length, the height above a surface where the wind speed would be zero according to an idealized logarithmic wind profile
    * `real`: units = m
* `sensible_heat_flux`: Flux of sensible heat across a unit surface
    * `real`: units = W m-2
* `shortwave_flux`: Flux of shortwave radiation across a unit surface
    * `real`: units = W m-2
* `snow`: Precipitation of ice crystals from clouds
* `snow_area_fraction`: Fraction of an area (usually within a grid cell) covered by snow
    * `real`: units = fraction
* `soil_moisture`: Liquid water contained within a soil layer
* `soil_temperature`: Temperature of a soil layer
    * `real`: units = K
* `solar_declination_angle`: The angle between the equator and Earth's orbital plane with the Sun
* `solar_zenith_angle`: Angle between the direction to the sun and the local zenith (vertical direction)
* `surface_skin_temperature`: The temperature of the topmost layer of the surface
    * `real`: units = K
* `temperature`: Temperature
    * `real`: units = K
* `temperature_flux`: Flux of temperature across a unit surface

>     * `real`: units = K m s-1

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * `real`: units = W m-2
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = kg m-2
* `vertically_integrated_total_water_of_current_state`: Vertically integrated total water of current state
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = kg m-2

> * `tendency_of_dry_air_enthalpy_at_constant_pressure`: Tendency of dry air enthalpy at constant pressure; d/dt(Cp*T)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tendency_of_dry_air_enthalpy_at_constant_pressure`: Change of dry air enthalpy, per unit time, at constant pressure; d/dt(Cp*T)
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = J kg-1 s-1

> * `tendency_of_air_temperature`: Change in temperature from a parameterization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tendency_of_air_temperature`: Change in temperature per unit time
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = K s-1

> * `tendency_of_air_temperature_due_to_model_physics`: Total change in air temperature from a physics suite

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tendency_of_air_temperature_due_to_model_physics`: Change in air temperature due to model physics per unit time
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = K s-1

> * `tendency_of_potential_temperature_of_air`: Change in potential temperature from a parameterization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tendency_of_potential_temperature_of_air`: Change in potential temperature per unit time
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = K s-1

> * `tendency_of_potential_temperature_of_air_due_to_model_physics`: Tendency of potential temperature of air due to model physics

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tendency_of_potential_temperature_of_air_due_to_model_physics`: Change of potential temperature of air due to model physics per unit time
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = K s-1

> * `tendency_of_x_wind`: Change in x wind from a parameterization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tendency_of_x_wind`: Change in x wind per unit time
```

>     * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = m s-2

Reviewer 2: If you agree with my suggestions above for describing the tendencies, could you please update the tendency_ fields defined below?

Author: Done

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = 1
* `exner_function`: exner function, (p/p0)^(Rd/cp), where p0 is 1000 hPa
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = 1
* `potential_temperature_of_air`: air potential temperature
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = K

> * `potential_temperature_of_air_on_previous_timestep`: air potential temperature on previous timestep

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `potential_temperature_of_air_at_previous_timestep`: air potential temperature at previous timestep
```

Author: The suffix listed in the Standard Name rules is "on_previous_timestep" (and it's used in a number of other names) so this would require a larger change if you think it's needed.

    * `logical(kind=)`: units = flag
* `do_scale_aware_shin_hong_pbl_scheme`: Do scale aware shin hong pbl scheme
    * `logical(kind=)`: units = flag
* `do_scale_aware_tke_moist_edmf_pbl`: Do scale-aware turbulent kinetic energy moist eddy-diffusivity/mass-flux planetary boundary layer scheme
    * `logical(kind=)`: units = flag
* `do_sgs_cellular_automata`: Do sgs cellular automata
    * `logical(kind=)`: units = flag
* `do_simplified_arakawa_schubert_shallow_convection`: Do simplified arakawa schubert shallow convection
    * `logical(kind=)`: units = flag

> * `do_shoc`: Do Simplified Higher-order Closure stochastic physics scheme

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `do_shoc`: Do Simplified Higher-Order Closure stochastic physics scheme
```

    * `logical(kind=)`: units = flag

> * `do_shoc_after_convection`: Do Simplified Higher-order Closure stochastic physics scheme after convection parameterization

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `do_shoc_after_convection`: Do Simplified Higher-Order Closure stochastic physics scheme after convection parameterization
```

    * `logical(kind=)`: units = flag
* `do_ugwp_version_1_orographic_gwd`: Do ugwp version 1 orographic gwd
    * `logical(kind=)`: units = flag

> * `do_shoc_cloud_area_fraction_for_radiation`: Do Simplified Higher-order Closure stochastic physics scheme cloud area fraction for radiation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `do_shoc_cloud_area_fraction_for_radiation`: Do Simplified Higher-Order Closure stochastic physics scheme cloud area fraction for radiation
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = 1
* `control_for_precipitation_area_fraction_method`: Control for precipitation area fraction method
    * `character(kind=len=16)`: units = none
* `min_large_ice_fraction`: Minimum large ice fraction
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = fraction

> * `min_pressure_in_rrtmgp`: Min pressure in rrtmgp

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `min_pressure_in_rrtmgp`: Minimum pressure in rrtmgp
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = Pa
* `min_grid_scale`: Min grid scale
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = m2 rad-2
* `min_soil_moisture_content_for_land_surface_model`: Minimum soil moisture content for land surface model
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = m

> * `min_temperature_in_rrtmgp`: Min temperature in rrtmgp

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `min_temperature_in_rrtmgp`: Minimum temperature in rrtmgp
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = kg kg-1 s-1
* `process_split_cumulative_tendency_of_tracers`: Process split cumulative tendency of tracers
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = kg kg-1 s-1

> * `process_split_cumulative_tendency_of_tke`: Process-split cumulative tendency of turbulent kinetic energy

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `process_split_cumulative_tendency_of_tke`: Process-split cumulative tendency of turbulent kinetic energy per unit time
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = K
* `atmosphere_boundary_layer_thickness`: Atmosphere boundary layer thickness
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = m

> * `atmosphere_heat_diffusivity_from_shoc`: Atmospheric heat diffusivity from Simplified Higher-order Closure stochastic physics scheme

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `atmosphere_heat_diffusivity_from_shoc`: Atmospheric heat diffusivity from Simplified Higher-Order Closure stochastic physics scheme
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = kg kg-1
* `subgrid_scale_cloud_liquid_water_mixing_ratio_wrt_moist_air`: Subgrid-scale cloud liquid water mass mixing ratio with respect to moist air
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = kg kg-1

> * `subgrid_scale_cloud_fraction_from_shoc`: Subgrid-scale cloud fraction from Simplified Higher-order Closure stochastic physics scheme

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `subgrid_scale_cloud_fraction_from_shoc`: Subgrid-scale cloud fraction from Simplified Higher-Order Closure stochastic physics scheme
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = K2
* `tendency_of_air_temperature_due_to_nonphysics`: Tendency of air temperature due to nonphysics
    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = K s-1

> * `tendency_of_air_temperature_to_withhold_from_sppt`: Tendency of air temperature to withhold from stochastically perturbed physics tendencies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tendency_of_air_temperature_to_withhold_from_sppt`: Change of air temperature to withhold from stochastically perturbed physics tendencies per unit time
```

    * `real(kind=kind_phys)`: units = K s-1

> * `tendency_of_activated_cloud_condensation_nuclei_from_climatology`: Tendency of activated cloud condensation nuclei from climatology

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tendency_of_activated_cloud_condensation_nuclei_from_climatology`: Change of activated cloud condensation nuclei from climatology per unit time
```
